The example paragraph below demonstrates how to integrate Harvard references into your writing,
and how to format a Harvard style reference list.
For more information on how to reference, see the Student Services STUDYSmarter referencing guides, 
in particular the guides on quoting and paraphrasing. Note that these guides are not Harvard-specific; rather,
they provide a general overview on the principles and practices of academic referencing.
Peggy Johnson defines collection development as “the thoughtful process of developing a library collection
in response to institutional priorities and community or user needs and interests” (Johnson 2009, p. 1). According to Johnson (2009, p. 1),
collection development forms part of the broader concept of collection management, which involves “ an expanded suite of decisions about weeding,
cancelling serials, storage, and preservation”. Traditional collection development involves selecting individual titles that will best meet the requirements of the library users.
In an academic library environment, the selection of titles should primarily support the teaching, learning and research needs of the university staff,
students and researchers (University of Western Australia Library 2015). However, the practice of bundling journal titles into one large all-encompassing package
has meant that collection development decisions are now often made on a publisher level, rather than on a title-by-title basis (Ball, cited in Carlson & Pope 2009, p. 385).
In this sense aggregator packages are similar in nature to monographic blanket orders, where a library agrees to purchase everything that a 
particular publisher has published (Thompson, Wilder & Button 2000, p. 214). The beauty of these
large aggregator packages is that they allow library users to access a vast number of online scholarly resources through the click of a mouse button. 
Students compile a collection of their texts in a variety of genres over time and choose two pieces to present for summative assessment.
In the majority of cases, the work in the student’s collection will arise from normal classwork, as the examples below illustrate. 
The annotations capture insights by the student’s teacher, using the features of quality,
with a view to establishing the level of achievement the text reflects. 
The purpose of the annotations is to make the teacher's thinking visible.
The annotations were confirmed by the Quality Assurance group, consisting of practicing English teachers and representatives of the Inspectorate, the SEC and JCT. 